README.md, before:

Xiliary   [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/fappel/xiliary.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/fappel/xiliary)
=======

<a href="http://with-eclipse.github.io/" target="_blank">
<img alt="with-Eclipse logo" src="http://with-eclipse.github.io/with-eclipse-0.jpg" />
</a>

####Introduction
Auxiliary libraries for Eclipse, JUnit and Java development in general.
It includes the *FlatScrollBar* and more...

 * Released components are available from this p2 software repository: http://fappel.github.io/xiliary
 * Builds from development branch are also available: http://fappel.github.io/xiliary/development


####FlatScrollBar
<img src="http://www.codeaffine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/style-scrollbar.png" width="425" height="207"/>
<br/>
Drop in replacement for all your Eclipse 4.4+ based RCP apps table, tree, and styled text **scrollbars** ...
as easy as this in two tiny steps:
 * add bundles **com.codeaffine.eclipse.swt.jar** and **com.codeaffine.eclipse.ui.swt.theme.jar** to your target platform and to your products feature.xml
 * merge this snippet with your RCP apps CSS:
```
Tree {
  flat-scroll-bar: true;
  flat-scroll-bar-background : #ababab;
  flat-scroll-bar-thumb: #cdcdcd;
  flat-scroll-bar-page-increment: #f8f8f8;
  flat-scroll-bar-thumb-top-level: #454545;
  flat-scroll-bar-page-increment-top-level: #f8f8f8;
  flat-scroll-bar-increment-length: 7;
  adapter-demeanor: expand-on-mouse-over; /* fixed-width */
}

Table {
  flat-scroll-bar: true;
  flat-scroll-bar-background : #ababab;
  flat-scroll-bar-thumb: #cdcdcd;
  flat-scroll-bar-page-increment: #f8f8f8;
  flat-scroll-bar-thumb-top-level: #454545;
  flat-scroll-bar-page-increment-top-level: #f8f8f8;
  flat-scroll-bar-increment-length: 7;
  adapter-demeanor: expand-on-mouse-over; /* fixed-width */
}

StyledText {
  flat-scroll-bar: true;
  flat-scroll-bar-thumb: #ababab;
  flat-scroll-bar-page-increment: #cdcdcd;
  adapter-background-top-level: #f8f8f8;
  flat-scroll-bar-thumb-top-level: #454545;
  flat-scroll-bar-page-increment-top-level: #f8f8f8;
  flat-scroll-bar-increment-length: 7;
  adapter-demeanor: expand-on-mouse-over; /* fixed-width */
}
```

Commit message:

Update readme to introduce Oomph profiles

README.md, after:

Xiliary   [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/fappel/xiliary.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/fappel/xiliary)
=======

<a href="http://with-eclipse.github.io/" target="_blank">
<img alt="with-Eclipse logo" src="http://with-eclipse.github.io/with-eclipse-0.jpg" />
</a>

####Introduction
Auxiliary libraries for Eclipse, JUnit and Java development in general.
It includes the *FlatScrollBar* and more...

 * Released components are available from this p2 software repository: http://fappel.github.io/xiliary
 * Builds from development branch are also available: http://fappel.github.io/xiliary/development

####Development
The folder https://github.com/fappel/xiliary/tree/master/com.codeaffine.xiliary.releng contains the Xiliary.setup and
XiliaryIDE.setup files. The latter is an Oomph (https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/tools.oomph) product setup model
and the first a project setup model. Use the Oomph installer in advanced mode (http://eclipsesource.com/blogs/tutorials/oomph-basic-tutorial/)
and refer to the files on GitHub in raw mode. This should help to setup a basic development environment and workspace
in no time. However, as this is the first try on Oomph there might be some unknown depths... please report any issues you're
running into to help to improve this mechanism. 

####FlatScrollBar
<img src="http://www.codeaffine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/style-scrollbar.png" width="425" height="207"/>
<br/>
Drop in replacement for all your Eclipse 4.4+ based RCP apps table, tree, and styled text **scrollbars** ...
as easy as this in two tiny steps:
 * add bundles **com.codeaffine.eclipse.swt.jar** and **com.codeaffine.eclipse.ui.swt.theme.jar** to your target platform and to your products feature.xml
 * merge this snippet with your RCP apps CSS:
```
Tree {
  flat-scroll-bar: true;
  flat-scroll-bar-background : #ababab;
  flat-scroll-bar-thumb: #cdcdcd;
  flat-scroll-bar-page-increment: #f8f8f8;
  flat-scroll-bar-thumb-top-level: #454545;
  flat-scroll-bar-page-increment-top-level: #f8f8f8;
  flat-scroll-bar-increment-length: 7;
  adapter-demeanor: expand-on-mouse-over; /* fixed-width */
}

Table {
  flat-scroll-bar: true;
  flat-scroll-bar-background : #ababab;
  flat-scroll-bar-thumb: #cdcdcd;
  flat-scroll-bar-page-increment: #f8f8f8;
  flat-scroll-bar-thumb-top-level: #454545;
  flat-scroll-bar-page-increment-top-level: #f8f8f8;
  flat-scroll-bar-increment-length: 7;
  adapter-demeanor: expand-on-mouse-over; /* fixed-width */
}

StyledText {
  flat-scroll-bar: true;
  flat-scroll-bar-thumb: #ababab;
  flat-scroll-bar-page-increment: #cdcdcd;
  adapter-background-top-level: #f8f8f8;
  flat-scroll-bar-thumb-top-level: #454545;
  flat-scroll-bar-page-increment-top-level: #f8f8f8;
  flat-scroll-bar-increment-length: 7;
  adapter-demeanor: expand-on-mouse-over; /* fixed-width */
}
```
